

We considered the potential risks that may interfere due to the range of serious potential problems which might arise.

Risks Description:
  
1.  Google server is down
      High Severity

2.  No synchronization between the groups who are supplying elements of the project
      Probability of Occurrence: 35%
      High Severity 
      In order to fight with this risk, we have established weekly meetings, during which we will discuss the level at which each member of the
      team is regarding his/her work.
    
3. Overestimation of own IT capabilities
      Probability of Occurrence: 10%
      Hight Severity 
      In order to fight with this risk, we have respected the documentation and research stage, getting to know the way in which we will proceed 
      for integrating the Google API services in our application.
      
4.  Fail to implement some functionalities until the deadline
      Probability of Occurrence: 10%
      High Severity
      In order to fight with this risk, we have done a schedule, based on frequent meetings and weekly tasks assigned 
      to each member of the team.

5.  Our server is down
      Probability of Occurrence: 5%
      High Severity
      We try to solve the internal issues in the shortest time such that the application is functional again.

6.  Project team members will not be in place when required
      Probability of Occurrence: 25%
      Medium Severity
      In order to fight with this possible risk, we have established tematic groups on more communication channels, 
      such that we can decide meeting hours convenient for all of us.
           
7.  Risks to the project caused by requirements that are inadequately defined
      Probability of Occurrence: 15%
      Medium Severity (Changes can be done in order to adapt functionalities to current requirements)
      In order to fight with this risk, we have established the requirements with great attention and precision, after debating during
      the team meetings.
      
8.  Fail to model the necessary classes in the diagrams
      Probability of Occurrence: 10%
      Medium Severity (Changes can be done in order to adapt functionalities to current requirements)
      In order to fight with this risk, we have established the classes in the diagram with great attention and precision,
      after debating during the team meetings.

9.  Changes on Google Framework
      Medium Severity
      In this situation, we can redesign the application, such that it suits the new changes on Google Framework.

10.  Google policies changes
      Medium Severity
      In this situation, we try to reconfigure our setup, such that we will be able to access Google Services once again.       
      

